[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna revisit the Zombieland
universe with the 2019 sequel DoubleTap
let's get to it we open with some
narration to catch us up teaching us
that zombies have continued to the
mutate and develop delineating into
three distinct classes for indiscernible
reasons meanwhile our gang is taken
finding a home to an elite level and
settle into a form of domestic calmness
they spend their time avoiding Lincoln's
creeper eyes and levelling up their gear
but we could only resist change for so
long as Tallahassee as constant
nurturing is suffocating at now teenage
Little Rock and Columbus's attempt to
lock down Wichita only reminds her of
the ubiquity of divorce even in
Zombieland apparently so with the rise
of the Morning Sun the gentlemen find a
note indicating the girls have left and
as we watch them go we see that they
almost immediately happened upon the
solution to half of their problems after
skulking around for a month
Tallahassee reveals he has a nomadic
blood of a Native American princess
coursing through his veins and he has to
get out so they head to the mall hoping
to blow off some steam however some
things don't change and they still find
Yankee Candles unaffordable without
coupon here Columbus meets Madison who
spent the last several years living off
the supplies from the mall and staying
safe in a walk-in cooler this is much
less cagey meeting than they're used to
and Columbus immediately invites her
back to the White House she interrupts
the tour to test out the bet having gone
too long keeping it cool in the icebox
later Tallahassee is alerted by a sound
not related to sexing and he goes to
investigate he and Columbus find Wichita
has returned but for guns only because
Little Rock left her in the night and
she has to go after her turns out the
seducer lured her away with his
enlightened pacifism and ideas of
visiting Graceland a welcome destination
she also reveals there's a new type of
hyper zombie out there roaming the
plains before bed Columbus is able to
pull an apology from Wichita for
ditching him but the victory is tempered
somewhat when she finds out what he's
been up to the next morning they head
out and find possible alternative
transportation they approach cautiously
but Madison jumps the gun setting off
the alarm and alerting a horde of
zombies they deployed a formation and
get right back to old form like a
well-oiled machine but at the final boss
fight they meet one of the new zombies
dubbed the t800 which has apparently
plugged into the matrix and can only be
defeated via total annihilation the tour
bus doesn't work out so they end up back
in the teal bullet Madison looks a bit
peckish
so Columbus does the only humane thing
taking her for a walk and putting her
out of her misery they arrive at
Graceland that night and find it's been
raised but just around the corner is a
mini Graceland and the Beast so they go
one site in Tallahassee lays down some
bars while the others search and he
quickly finds that all the signs of care
and occupation were actually from a
caretaker occupying the facility after
pleasantries they established at Little
Rock and Berkeley were headed for a
hippie commune and we see there
unwittingly dragging a herd of t8
hundreds behind them Tallahassee and
Nevada bond over stories about Elvis and
find they truly enjoy each other's
companionship
the next morning Little Rock and
Berkeley arrived at the commune where
their guns are melted down and they're
adorned with blazing hot pendants in
exchange then they're taken to be given
a tour of the rooftop sanctuary less
sublime Tallahassee wakes up with some
redneck monster trucking his ride
outside they get into an innuendo battle
in which the use of the driveway
represents Nevada when she goes ahead
and puts it into that herself
Albuquerque introduces his number to
Flagstaff who is strikingly familiar
what is going on here no it's an old bit
from Shaun of the Dead they get to know
each other a bit at the bar where
Albuquerque seeks to demonstrate himself
as a true badass so when several teen
hundreds arrive they elect to handle
them without assistance
unfortunately he comes away with a
parting gift luckily Flagstaff seems to
be okay they get into an extended battle
that ruins the day Court but ends with
our gang successfully putting them down
as they head out Tallahassee finds the
monster truck unwieldy and so they're
forced back into the minivan on the way
to Babylon they come across an unusual
sight Madison driving an ice cream truck
as it turns out Columbus pulled a
Miller's Crossing on her which was good
because she was just suffering from a
nut allergy they drive through the night
eventually arriving at Babylon and make
the tough decision to give up their guns
however when they find Little Rock they
recognize she's safe and in good hands
leaving Tallahassee fulfilled and ready
to move on but on his way out he runs
across a horde of tea hundreds heading
for the soft city forcing him to return
and for them to cram all their remaining
character development into a quick scene
so they get to planning and training
with all the pieces set in place they
set off a zombie tantalizer drawing them
into a funnel point where they can light
them up it goes smashingly but the group
of stragglers they expected proved to be
of a much more significant volume than
anticipated close to death they get a
last-second reprieve from Nevada hitting
some classic moves and smearing zombies
all over the courtyard she then tries
for a quick gravedigger signature move
but flips it they work their way up the
stairs into a zombie Buffalo run off the
building but with the last pair managing
to snag Tallahassee Luna Rock reveals
she retained her sidearms saving him and
then requiring them to work out the last
and most important step of their plan on
the fly apparently and then in the heat
of the moment they all partner up and
make out
and that was Zombieland double town a
pretty good horror comedy but one that
doesn't do much to push beyond the scope
of the original if you enjoy the video
I'd love for you to come a part of the
channel by subscribing thanks for
watching